Feat/add pydynamicreporting (#53)
ansys/pyansys-cheat-sheet: cheat_sheets/pydynamicreporting_cheat_sheet/pydynamicreporting_cheat_sheet.tex

\section{\includegraphics[height=\fontcharht\font`\S]{slash.png}  Get url for items and reports}
Get the url corresponding to an item. It is an object property
\begin{lstlisting}[language=Python]
only_text_items[0].url
\end{lstlisting}
Get the url corresponding to a report. It is a class method
\begin{lstlisting}[language=Python]
report_by_name.get_url()
\end{lstlisting}

% Add subsection
% This section includes useful links to the documentation.
% Examples: installation, API reference, commands, examples.
% Replace 'name of link' with appropriate display text.

\subsection{References from PyAnsys Documentation}
\begin{itemize}
\item \href{https://dynamicreporting.docs.pyansys.com/version/stable/gettingstarted/index.html}{\color{blue}{Getting Started}}
\item \href{https://dynamicreporting.docs.pyansys.com/version/stable/class_documentation.html}{\color{blue}{API reference}}}
\item \href{https://dynamicreporting.docs.pyansys.com/version/stable/examples/index.html}{\color{blue}{Examples}}}
\end{itemize}
\end{multicols}

% Footer session of the latex with link to documentation and GitHub page
\vspace{-0.15cm}
\noindent\makebox[\linewidth]{\rule{\paperwidth}{4pt}}
\begin{center}

> Getting Started with PyAnsys \includegraphics[height=\fontcharht\font`\S]{slash.png} \href{https://github.com/pyansys}{\color{blue}{PyAnsys on GitHub}} \includegraphics[height=\fontcharht\font`\S]{slash.png} Visit \code{\href{https://dev.docs.pyansys.com/}}{\color{blue}{dev.docs.pyansys.com}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting Started with PyDynamicReporting \includegraphics[height=\fontcharht\font`\S]{slash.png} \href{https://github.com/ansys/pydynamicreporting}{\color{blue}{PyAnsys on GitHub}} \includegraphics[height=\fontcharht\font`\S]{slash.png} Visit \code{\href{https://dynamicreporting.docs.pyansys.com/}}{\color{blue}{dynamicreporting.docs.pyansys.com}}
```
